---
layout: post
title: "LLDPE: SHORT-TERM CORRECTION, MEDIUM-TERM STILL STRONG"
date: 2022-02-18 11:11:24 +0800
categories: guotaijunanqihuo
tags: 国泰君安期货新闻
---
<p><strong>【</strong><strong>Analysis of market conditions</strong><strong>】：</strong></p>
 <p>First of all， the trade inventory is high， and the weak market turnover leads to short-term weakness。 However， the current market decline is difficult to continue。 Because the demand side has not fully started， the continuous decline in the market has instead given downstream replenishment opportunities。 It is difficult for the crude oil side to continue to fall for the time being， so the market can only fluctuate repeatedly within a small range。 The core of the late-stage market lies in rising costs and the expectation of downstream replenishment in the spring。 Before the replenishment expectation is proved wrong， PE is expected to still rebound。</p>
 <p>Second， the first half of 2022 will be a continuous shock mode。 On the one hand， there is still a lot of pressure on the supply side to add new capacity。 On the other hand， the attractiveness of low prices to the downstream still exists， but the willingness to receive goods at high prices is generally weak。 The absolute result from continued supply-side expansion is only medium-term weakness in the basis。 At the same time， after the prediction of replenishment after the Spring Festival in the later period is proved to be wrong， the market will also have obvious pressure， which is very similar to 2019。</p>
 <p>Third， 2022 will be a tangled year for polyolefins。 The support on the cost side will be very obvious， making it difficult to continue to decline。 Capacity on the supply side continues to expand， and there is limited room for expansion on the demand side。 It is certain that profits will continue to be compressed in 2022， and that the basis trend will be weak。 The rhythm of the price will show greater volatility。</p><p class="em_media">（文章来源：国泰君安期货）</p>

<http://finews.zning.xyz/html_News/NewsShare.html?infoCode=NW202202182281117179>

[返回国泰君安期货新闻](//finews.withounder.com/category/guotaijunanqihuo.html)｜[返回首页](//finews.withounder.com/)